# 定时器timer使用 #

## 介绍 ##

这个例程会创建两个动态定时器对象，一个是单次定时，一个是周期性的定时。

## 运行结果 ##

```{.c}
 \ | /
- RT -     Thread Operating System
 / | \     3.0.4 build May  6 2018
 2006 - 2018 Copyright by rt-thread team
msh >periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
one shot timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout
periodic timer is timeout

```